# Target Outcomes
## Article ID: IeIFy
## Article doi: http://doi.org/10.1016/j.cognition.2016.08.009

For this article you should focus on the findings reported for Study 1 in section 2.1.3 Specifically, you should attempt to reproduce all descriptive and inferential analyses reported in the text below and associated tables/figures:

> Inspection of the route time histogram from the simulation phase revealed a number of trials in which participants became “lost” (see Fig. S1), which skewed the distribution. To control for this, we calculated the difference between the optimal route time and the observed route time (mean difference score = 14.27 s; SD = 19.49). The resulting distribution was then used to remove trials in the top 25% of difference scores across participants (75% quartile = 21.66 s, 70 trials removed). This filtering strategy allowed for retention of variance in route time, while excluding trials that took approximately double the optimal route time (M = 24.85 s, SD = 7.16). See Supplemental Sections 1.2.3–1.2.4 and Fig. S2 for a comparison using an alternative filter of 3 standard deviations. Route performance on the filtered data set of 210 trials was near the optimal route time (mean difference score = 5.93 s, SD = 3.54).

> Next, we assessed the relationship between simulation time (M = 14.41, SD = 11.21) and route navigation time (M = 35.81, SD = 9.25; see Fig. 2a–b). Simulation times were first mean-centered for each participant, providing a more precise estimate of coefficients as it minimizes variance in simulation time due to individual differences in overall temporal compression rate. We found a statistically significant positive correlation between the time it took a participant to subsequently navigate the route and the time it took them to mentally simulate it (r(208) = 0.30, p < 0.001, R2 = 0.09, Fig. 3C). We also found a significant positive correlation between simulation time and route distance (r(208) = 0.29, p < 0.001, R2 = 0.08); however, route time and distance for each trial were highly collinear (r(208) = 0.97, p < 0.001, R2 = 0.94). As such, the remainder of the analysis focuses on route time, which accounts for variance in non-movement related processes (e.g. making decisions at turning points) that are not represented in the distance measure. Our correlation reported here between simulation and route time is consistent with past findings from Kosslyn et al. (1978) who showed a correlation between the time it took participants to mentally scan between different locations on a map of an island and the physical distance between them.

**Note**
Make sure to use the original article for additional context and information about any necessary pre-processing steps. Also check for additional supplementary materials that may provide supporting documentation for analysis procedures.
